Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome to the concluding tutorial of the course on testing and optimization in megatrend for I'd
like to take a moment to congratulate you with completing the scores.
It's been a very fun and exciting journey and I hope that you've enjoyed it as much as I have a right
now that we've completed the course we are comfortable with the falling things we can easily install
military for and import historical data of our choice into the trading platform.
We can seamlessly navigate the military strategy testor we can run back Tests optimizations and forward
tests of any forex robot we can export results into Excel and perform further analysis there which includes
a calculation of the recovery factor.
We can interpret the strategy tests report and apply the stability criteria to evaluate any expert advisor
.
And finally we can run demo and many real tests on accounts of any broker.
So that's in a nutshell the main things that will learn in this course.
We also looked at many other things that can increase your efficiency when testing strategies and gain
much more insights into them.
And that concludes our course.
So if you've enjoyed this course please do help shared on Facebook Twitter Google Plus or in particular
your favorite Forex forum where you hang around and talk to other traders because you can help them
learn from this course just as you did.
Sharing this course is very easy.
It's www.youtube.com slushed backtesting that's the link to this course.
And on that note I'd like to thank you very much for being a part of this course.
I look forward to seeing you on my other courses and until next time.
Happy trails.